.\" To see manual on terminal
.\" groff -man -Tascii hems.3
.\" To get PostScript file
.\" groff -t -e -mandoc -Tps hems.3 > hems.ps

.TH hems 3 "October 1,2019" "version 0.2" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
hems.py \- sample code to communicate with smart contracts on blockchain using Javascript files
.SH SYNOPSIS
python hems.py
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B python
is to invoke python(1) with
.I hems.py
which is sample code to send bid and ask to smart contracts on blockchain. After sending the offer, HEMS try to get the matching result from the blockchain.
.SH FILES
.IP sell.js
javascript file to send ask to blockchain. See sell(3) for further details.
.IP buy.js
javascript file to send bid to blockchain. See buy(3) for further details.
.IP get_result.js
javascript file to get matching result from blockchain. See get_result(3) for further details.
.SH OUTPUT
The following logs may be printed on stdout:
.IP type
Bid or Ask.
.IP id
Address of the sender.
.IP price
Offered or matched price.
.IP volume
Offered or matched volume.
.SH EXAMPLES

For the response of sending offer, the following logs may be printed on stdout:

.RS
Offer is registered as below
.RE
.RS
==============================================
.RE
.RS
type : Bid
.RE
.RS
id : 0x2D450a8892DCd6CCe7A3839B88a9070B67820B6F
.RE
.RS
price : 1900
.RE
.RS
volume : 10000
.RE
.RS
==============================================
.RE

For the response of getting matching result, the following logs may be printed on stdout:

.RS
Offer is matched as below
.RE
.RS
==============================================
.RE
.RS
type : Bid
.RE
.RS
id : 0x2D450a8892DCd6CCe7A3839B88a9070B67820B6F
.RE
.RS
price : 1800
.RE
.RS
volume : 10000
.RE
.RS
==============================================
.RE

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued on stderr:

Error: Market is closed.
.RS
HEMS can only send offers when market is opened. You can open the market using open_market.js. See
.B open_market(3)
for further details.
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Dongmin Son <dongmin.son@telecom-paristech.fr>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR python(1)
